Add Findmlpack.cmake (#3872)
mlpack/mlpack: HISTORY.md

 * Bundle STB with mlpack and add `ResizeImages()` functionality (#3823).

>  * Add `mlpack.cmake` to facilitate finding mlpack and its depedencies to users (#3872).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Add `mlpack.cmake` to facilitate finding mlpack and its dependencies (#3872).
```
(I don't think the "to users" adds anything.)
